welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're going to take the
rules and wipe our asses with them
presuming they're in some sort of paper
format as we watch the 1985 vampire
classics
fright night if you want to lose
yourself in the seductive trappings of
sensual dance performance
subscribe to the channel let's get to it
we open in a quiet neighborhood and pan
around while taking in the sounds of
sensual pleasure which we see are
emanating from the tv
but the camera continues this journey
until we find charlie and amy playing
some bad adjacent
love games you know i knew there was
something going down in here they're
watching fright night just like us
but charlie ruins the mood by
aggressively pushing amy toward the next
level she's rightfully put off by this
but then
immediately acquiesces however charlie
becomes distracted by the new neighbors
moving a sweet coffin into the basement
next door
charlie's downshift from rapey to
disinterested pushes amy beyond her
tolerance
so she storms off they play it cool in
front of miss brewster who just wants to
make sure her boy charlie's providing
his gal with a sufficient quantity of
pleasure
and in this way she ends the evening for
them the next day we have a brief scene
at school to meet charlie's primary
friend-like school acquaintance evil ed
well that's the point to a pop quiz
brewster
to surprise you and it's a lot to
process
then charlie goes home where he meets
his neighbor's new lady paying respect
to the game by splooging in his pants
then he gets to studying trigonometry
but is eventually interrupted by a loud
scream
he thinks little of this beyond moving
to an environment he finds more
conducive to studying
somehow amy finds him here and seeks to
make amends i mean he has so much to
offer
why wouldn't she but he again ignores
her after seeing his fantasy lady on the
news which announces that she's been
murdered
but amy still has feelings which are
being trot upon so she gives him the old
sloppy job
something usually reserved for the
bedroom his natural curiosity is piqued
but when he gets too close to the
neighbor's house the live-in carpenter
billy runs him off so he's relegated to
peeping casually from the comfort of his
bedroom which works out perfectly as he
awakes at just the right moment to catch
some action and maybe
learn a few things the mood is ruined
however when they awkwardly make eye
contact he rushes out to get a better
vantage point from the bushes but he
forgot his spy gear long-range
directional microphone
it's a moot point anyway because his mom
comes out and announces his presence to
the whole neighborhood his neighbor then
spots him and offers a gift
in apple eaton through the center
confirming that he is a psycho
no one believes his claims of the
empiric activity but charlie resolves to
at least tell the police about how he
witnessed his neighbor's open windows
sexcapades
which is a weird flex so he shows up
with a detective
waltzes in like a big shot and casts
aspersions all over
it starts out okay but charlie goes in
hard with the vampire talk giving
everyone a good laugh and resulting in
his immediate dismissal by the officer
is also lays his cards out all over the
table so he runs to evil's house for
some advice on what to do to ensure his
safety after his neighbor wakes up he
has
little to offer other than a crucifix
and the rule that vampires can't enter a
house without permission from the owner
so he'd be safest to find a rental
property that evening ms brewster calls
him down to introduce him to jerry
dandridge their
sexy new neighbor jared smooth talks her
while charlie acts like a little freak
later that night charlie returns to his
room and gets crept on by jerry who uses
his preternatural strength to toss him
around
demonstrating his power he just wants to
live with billy in peace
and eat women so he offers charlie the
opportunity to let bygones be bygones
but instead
charlie stabs him in the hand this
causes jerry to phase into his other
form just a little bit
showing off his fearsome teeth and
tongue but when miss brewster wakes up
and calls out to charlie he
backs off for now instead opting to go
home and torment charlie with lewd phone
calls all night
is it pink inside the next day charlie
seeks counsel with mr fright knight
himself
peter vincent unfortunately he's in a
sour mood from getting canceled plus the
show's all fake
amy and ed visit later and find he's
taking on an entirely new aesthetic
and scent profile and is now obsessed
with murder they do manage to convince
him to hold off on his murderous
aspirations until they get a chance to
try to find some help but they also make
the mistake of presuming mr vincent has
any inclination to help strangers the
difference here is that while ed lurks
around in the background
amy offers to sign over a fat 500
savings bond in exchange for his
assistance
plus all they want is for him to do a
vampire test to convince charlie that
jerry is human they even check in with
jerry to arrange the conditions and he's
cool with it the next day they all
arrive and are greeted warmly especially
amy
which is disturbing jerry opens his
throat up and knocks back the holy water
like a pro
but its blessedness is unattested by
charlie so he remains unconvinced they
work to usher him out as vincent checks
his makeup and notes a conspicuous
absence of jerry in the view
this leaves jerry with some suspicions
as the lads walk
amy home ed splits off into an alley and
then screams turns out this is just a
classic ed prank
leveraged to keep them at a distance
like he does with everyone else in his
life as he continues on he's casually
pursued into an intimate dead end where
jerry opts to turn him rather than kill
him then it's amy and charlie's turn
and they end up ducking through a
windowsill salad station to escape in a
crowded nightclub meanwhile ed pays a
visit to vincent where he continues to
be annoying and on his very first night
he is scarified and driven off by a rank
amateur cementing his status as the
absolute
worst back at the club charlie tries to
call someone who cares and jerry arrives
and smolders his way across the dance
floor
he makes amy feel a little dangerous and
then engages in an ages old seduction
ritual
of a teenager which includes guiding her
hand to that cake
charlie tries to cut in but can't even
manage to punch the air behind jerry's
ear jerry commands him to retrieve
vincent and bring him to the house
before dipping out
but along the way he's forced to
demonstrate his power once again on poor
leon this time and he nearly loses amy
in the crowd but manages to regain his
young prize
charlie heads to vincent's house to try
to convince him to help save amy but his
heart is filled with fear and he gives
him a hard pass
meanwhile amy wakes up on jerry's bare
skin classic
and he lets her know it's time to
experience what being a vampire is all
about she's ready and she offers herself
to him so
he gets in there soon charlie shows up
and lurks around outside where he finds
vincent's had a change of heart having
arrived with his monster box they
consider sneaking in through the back
but the front door beckons
them they venture in and are greeted by
jerry who tries to get hit
for real word we learn there's some
ambiguous rule about faith here as he
crushes one crucifix but cowers from the
other
before they can ask any follow-up
questions for next time his roommate
steps in and pleases his master through
violence
vincent runs next door to check on miss
brewster but finds ed being annoying
again he comes out of the room a wolf
somehow and vincent calls upon the
knowledge of atreyu to see him through
this altercation
backflipping his way into a victory and
then sticking around to gawk a little at
how it plays out
jerry tosses charlie into amy's room
with a stake so he can either kill his
girlfriend or the newest harpy can enjoy
her first meal
but vincent runs over with his
rudimentary stabbing device and breaks
in seeing how far gone she is they
realize she can only be freed by killing
the master
as they go out to pursue this billy
pulls up hard like peter vincent's not
gonna push his wig back but he comes
right back because he's a
zombie or something luckily they managed
to pop him open and discover his
weakness to be
uncontrollable dissipation into a puddle
of goo for
some reason they have a little cat and
mouse chase with jerry who destroys his
stained glass feature which is really a
shame and then vincent finds his faith
enabling him to hold jerry back long
enough for the clocks to strike sunrise
causing jared to make one last go of it
before being forced back to his casket
he's now
presumably vulnerable in his basement
with no more defense
vincent searches for him while amy
confronts charlie who struggles as he
tries to decide if this is working for
him or not
and it's a tough call vincent then
breaks into the casket but bones it by
stabbing jerry's armpit but then
charlie's struck by an idea and they
start breaking windows
all 50 of them to let in all that
natural sunlight basements are known for
and in defiance of how light works jerry
hangs in there until a direct stream of
light blasts him back
turning his ass into grass my friend in
the aftermath we see that vincent got
his show back
the ratings having recovered after the
lore was repopularized by the real life
vampire incident
no one else knew about charlie and amy
make up and are back to finding
satisfaction in the simple intimacy of
necking only occasionally experimenting
with sensually feeding each other their
own blood
just a heads up that i have a website
where you can support the channel
through donations or merch and i'd like
to take a moment to give a huge thanks
to my donors memorialized in the hall of
head shots
fright night is a highly regarded
classic and i think it works pretty well
but it definitely suffers from the
classic 80s excess of scenes that seem
to be crammed in for no other reason
than there may be cool to look at but
don't necessarily fit the rules set for
the cinematic universe
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching